Async in depth tutorial improvements (#504)
tokio-rs/website: content/tokio/tutorial/async.md

            task.poll();
        }
    }

    // Create a new crossbeam::channel and sets it to the new

>     // MiniTokio instance.

Reviewer: Doc-comments should match those in [tutorial-code](https://github.com/tokio-rs/website/blob/48bff2dcceb4334b2cb1b8aeedf4dafe8c2134c8/tutorial-code/mini-tokio/src/main.rs#L68-L85). They should also use `///` rather than `//`.

        // Poll the future
        let _ = future.as_mut().poll(&mut cx);
    }

    // Creates the Task given a Future and send it to execution

>     // for the very first time.

Reviewer: Same here.

https://github.com/tokio-rs/website/blob/48bff2dcceb4334b2cb1b8aeedf4dafe8c2134c8/tutorial-code/mini-tokio/src/main.rs#L253-L258

    fn spawn<F>(future: F, sender: &channel::Sender<Arc<Task>>)
    where
        F: Future<Output = ()> + Send + 'static,
    {
        let task = Arc::new(Task {
            future: Mutex::new(Box::pin(future)),
            executor: sender.clone(),
        });

        let _ = sender.send(task);
    }

}
```

Multiple things are happening here. First, `MiniTokio::run()` is implemented.
The function runs in a loop receiving scheduled tasks from the channel.

> As tasksare pushed into the channel when they are woken, these tasks are able

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As tasks are pushed into the channel when they are woken, these tasks are able
```

to make progress when executed.

> Then the functions `MiniTokio::new()` and `MiniTokio::spawn()` are adjusted for
> working with the channel instead of the `VecDeque`. `MiniTokio::new()` creates
> the channel and sets it on the new `MiniTokio` before returning it.
> `MiniTokio::spawn()` receives the future and pass it to the `Task::spawn`
> function together with the send half of the channel..

Reviewer: The sentence structure here is a bit complicated.
```suggestion
Additionally, the `MiniTokio::new` and `MiniTokio::spawn` methods are adjusted
to use a channel rather than a `VecDeque`. When new tasks are spawned, they are
given a clone of the sender-part of the channel, which the task can use to
schedule itself on the runtime.
```

The `Task::poll()` function creates the waker using the [`ArcWake`] utility from
the `futures` crate. The waker is used to create a `task::Context`. That
`task::Context` is passed to `poll`.

The `Task::spawn()` function receives a Future, creates a Task and send it to
execution for the very first time, using its executor: send half of the channel.

> 

Reviewer: I know there are two `spawn` functions, but I think it's ok to just explain it once.

Author: I removed it based on your comment and on the fact that the comment from the [tutorial-code](https://github.com/tokio-rs/website/blob/48bff2dcceb4334b2cb1b8aeedf4dafe8c2134c8/tutorial-code/mini-tokio/src/main.rs#L68-L85) explains it too.
